<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# PostgreSQL Flexible Server database submodule

Use this submodule when the PostgreSQL server lifecycle is managed separately from the application database lifecycle.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.12)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server_database.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/postgresql_flexible_server_database) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: Specifies the name of the PostgreSQL database.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_server_id"></a> [server\_id](#input\_server\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the PostgreSQL Flexible Server that will host the database.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_charset"></a> [charset](#input\_charset)

Description: The charset for the PostgreSQL database.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_collation"></a> [collation](#input\_collation)

Description: The collation for the PostgreSQL database.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: Optional timeout configuration for the PostgreSQL database resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string)
    delete = optional(string)
    read   = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the PostgreSQL database.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the PostgreSQL database.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the PostgreSQL database.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

This submodule does not collect telemetry.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->